because indeed a little bit oh yeah oh
let me go as Lionel Messi said you have
to fight to reach your dream you have to
sacrifice and work hard for it
that's coming from the man who has come
to define natural talent but that's what
other people put on him people want to
see somebody who's just naturally
talented it's god-given they were graced
they were blessed with something at
Birth but what does he say when he's
asked about what it took to become the
person that he is it took hard work it
took sacrifice it took giving things up
it took doubling down
it took pushing himself every day day
after day and that's the thing about
hard work when you put that kind of
unending blinding effort into something
it gets to the point where you've worked
so hard that it looks like magic that
people would sooner believe that it's
DNA that it's gifted that it is
god-given than to believe that they
would have to work that hard to
replicate it but if you can stop making
other people extraordinary as a way to
let yourself off the hook then you too
can become extraordinary all of us are
capable of far more than we think we're
capable of more than the people who love
us the most think we are capable of more
than the people who hate us the most
would have us believe at the end of the
day it is a very simple question you're
going to have to ask yourself and answer
for yourself how hard are you willing to
work how much are you willing to
sacrifice
but on the other side of that is power
and energy and as Kyle ro jr. said if
you're attacking you don't get as tired
as when you're chasing and that's the
key when you know what you want and when
you will not be held back from getting
it suddenly you go on the offensive
it's not about pleasing somebody else
it's not about chasing somebody else
becoming them or even beating them it is
about yourself knowing what you want and
attacking and going after it and not
letting anybody dissuade you it is
looking at yourself and recognizing how
you have to improve to get that good but
you've got to hunger for that goal
you've got to hunger to get across and
win you've got to want that the way that
a man whose head is on fire wants a pawn
and when you get to that stage when
you're able to cultivate something in
yourself like that something that is
refusing to be extinguished something
that will be heard something that will
stand up and be counted then you're
going to have what you need to get the
skills that you need to move forward to
win to attack and in that attack and
having the energy to move forward
relentlessly you will find that even
though you're working harder than you've
ever worked in your life you're more
energized than you've ever been in your
life the times are you fatigued they're
not the times you're working the hardest
the times you fatigue or when you're
being leased yourself you're not being
true to who you are and what you want so
right now right now start being honest
about what it is you're willing to
attack start being honest about who you
want to be what you're willing to become
and the price you're willing to pay to
get there if you give yourself over to
that you will not be able to be stopped
I listen and listen well because no
truer words are ever gonna be
spoken you can do anything you want
without limitation whatever it is that
you decide you want to make come true in
your life you can do that it is gonna
take an inhuman amount of work you're
gonna have to be prepared to break
yourself in half you are going to have
to learn more than anyone has ever
learned you're gonna have to push
yourself harder than anyone has ever
asked you to push yourself before you're
gonna go way beyond your breaking point
you're gonna run until you vomit you're
gonna study until you fall asleep you're
going to push and push and push and then
you're gonna push some more and
when you hit the limit you're gonna push
again beyond that you're gonna force
yourself to an adaptation response and
why because it's Malcolm X said the
future belongs to those who prepare for
it today so if you don't put the work in
today if you don't do the unending
back-breaking work of developing
yourself into something greater the
world is gonna pass you by the people
that are going to own it are gonna be
the ones that did that work and the one
promise that I can make you right now is
that somebody somebody out there is out
working somebody right now is doing the
things that I'm saying somebody right
now is doing the work of failing and
getting up and getting better and
pushing themselves and triggering that
glorious adaptation response that makes
humans the apex predator someone right
now they're putting in that war
and if you don't the future is gonna
belong to them and as Martin Luther King
jr. said you can't fly than one if you
can't run then walk if you can't walk
then crawl but whatever you do you have
to keep moving forward it's not okay to
make excuses it's not gonna slow people
down it's not okay to ask the world to
stop so that you can step out front it's
not okay
to expect little of yourself and demand
great rewards the only thing that's okay
is to be in line with the way that the
world really works and if you want to be
great you've got to become capable of
greatness you've got to develop your
skill set you've got to take what you
have now and if that's crawling then
crawl but you drag yourself ever
forward to a vision of yourself that is
so clear and so specific that nothing
could knock you off your path because
you my friends know exactly where you're
going you're willing to pay whatever
price it takes to get there and no
matter what anybody says no matter how
many hecklers come feet no
matter how many people try to flow dirt
on you try to stop you try to knock you
down no matter
how many people come for you at
night while you sleep you will rise and
you will keep pushing forward and you
will get better every day and no matter
how many times people chop at you knock
you down knock you up the path you can
get back on you will crawl so you can
walk through the walk till you run and
then you will run until you fly and that
my friends is the only path forward so
if you want a future that makes
you happy if you want a world that
you're excited about get your ass out
there and earn it